introduction.md, before:

# Introduction

## Who am I?

My name is Dominic Marshall, a graduate student studying computer science at DePaul University.
My primary interests lie in distributed systems and big data--particularly in the application
of distributed computing to solve issues that burden our world. Outside of computer science,
I am a musician and former NCAA D1 Track and Field athlete who has an unhealthy obsession with
coffee.


## Why am I doing this?

I am doing this for two reasons:

1. I believe that I would find something like this useful if I were new to programming or
wanting to learn a new language in general. While I strongly agree that formal education
is not required to become an excellent software engineer, I also firmly believe that socialization
is an incredibly important part of learning. By documenting my own experiences and thoughts as I
work my way through the Rust, I hope to provide a way of mimicking this socialization as well as
a medium through which other developers can relate to my journey.

2. As I just stated, I believe wholeheartedly that one's learning is augmented by socialization
and reflection. This will provide a medium for personal relection as well as a study log that
I can reference at any point in the future.

Commit message:

add 'What is this?' section

introduction.md, after:

# Introduction

## Who am I?

My name is Dominic Marshall, a graduate student studying computer science at DePaul University.
My primary interests lie in distributed systems and big data--particularly in the application
of distributed computing to solve issues that burden our world. Outside of computer science,
I am a musician and former NCAA D1 Track and Field athlete who has an unhealthy obsession with
coffee.

## What is this?

This blog will detail my journey as I work my way through the official Rust documentation
and book; this includes reflections, thoughts, and any additional research I may conduct.
You can think of it as a study log or journal.

## Why am I doing this?

I am doing this for two reasons:

1. I believe that I would find something like this useful if I were new to programming or
wanting to learn a new language in general. While I strongly agree that formal education
is not required to become an excellent software engineer, I also firmly believe that socialization
is an incredibly important part of learning. By documenting my own experiences and thoughts as I
work my way through the Rust, I hope to provide a way of mimicking this socialization as well as
a medium through which other developers can relate to my journey.

2. As I just stated, I believe wholeheartedly that one's learning is augmented by socialization
and reflection. This will provide a medium for personal relection as well as a study log that
I can reference at any point in the future.
